Rewrite JSON.stringify description (#19879)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/json/stringify/index.md

```

If you wish the `replacer` to distinguish an initial object from a key with an empty string property (since both would give the empty string as key and potentially an object as value), you will have to keep track of the iteration count (if it is beyond the first iteration, it is a genuine empty string key).

```js
function makeReplacer() {
  let isInitial = true;

  return (key, value) => {
    if (isInitial) {
      isInitial = false;
      return value;
    }
    if (key === "") {
      // Omit all properties with name "" (except the initial object)
      return undefined;
    }
    return value;
  };
}

const replacer = makeReplacer();
console.log(JSON.stringify({ "": 1, b: 2 }, replacer)); // "{"b":2}"
```

### Using an array as replacer

```js
const foo = {
  foundation: "Mozilla",
  model: "box",
  week: 45,
  transport: "car",
  month: 7,
};

JSON.stringify(foo, ["week", "month"]);
// '{"week":45,"month":7}', only keep "week" and "month" properties
```

### Using the space parameter

Indent the output with one space:

```js
console.log(JSON.stringify({ a: 2 }, null, " "));
/*
{
 "a": 2
}
*/
```

Using a tab character mimics standard pretty-print appearance:

> <!-- markdownlint-disable MD010 -->

Author: This is a bit annoying but understandable.

- `value`
  - : The value to convert to a JSON string.
- `replacer` {{optional_inline}}
  - : A function that alters the behavior of the stringification process, or an array of strings or numbers naming properties of `value` that should be included in the output. If `replacer` is an array, all elements that are not strings or numbers (can be either primitives or wrapper objects), including {{jsxref("Symbol")}} values, are completely ignored. If `replacer` is anything other than a function or an array (e.g. [`null`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/null) or not provided), all properties of the object are included in the resulting JSON string.
- `space` {{optional_inline}}

  - : A string or number that's used to insert white space (including indentation, line break characters, etc.) into the output JSON string for readability purposes.

>     If this is a number, it indicates the number of space characters to be used as indentation; this number is capped at 10 (if it is greater, the value is just `10`). Values less than 1 indicate that no space should be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If this is a number, it indicates the number of space characters to be used as indentation, clamped to 10 (that is, any number greater than `10` is treated as if it were `10`). Values less than 1 indicate that no space should be used.
```

    If this is a string, the string (or the first 10 characters of the string, if it's longer than that) is inserted before every nested object or array.

    If `space` is anything other than a string or number (can be either a primitive or a wrapper object) — for example, is [`null`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/null) or not provided — no white space is used.

### Return value

A JSON string representing the given value, or undefined.

### Exceptions

- {{JSxRef("TypeError")}}
  - : Thrown if one of the following is true:
    - `value` contains a circular reference.
    - A {{jsxref("BigInt")}} value is encountered.

## Description

`JSON.stringify()` converts a value to JSON notation representing it:

> - {{JSxRef("Boolean")}}, {{JSxRef("Number")}}, {{JSxRef("String")}}, and {{jsxref("BigInt")}} (obtainable via [`Object()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object/Object)) objects are converted to the corresponding primitive values during stringification, in accord with the traditional conversion semantics. {{jsxref("Symbol")}} objects (obtainable via [`Object()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object/Object)) are treated as plain objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- {{JSxRef("Boolean")}}, {{JSxRef("Number")}}, {{JSxRef("String")}}, and {{jsxref("BigInt")}} (obtainable via [`Object()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object/Object)) objects are converted to the corresponding primitive values during stringification, in accordance with the traditional conversion semantics. {{jsxref("Symbol")}} objects (obtainable via [`Object()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object/Object)) are treated as plain objects.
```

- If you return a {{JSxRef("Function")}}, {{JSxRef("Symbol")}}, or {{JSxRef("undefined")}}, the property is not included in the output.
- If you return any other object, the object is recursively stringified, calling the `replacer` function on each property.

> **Note:** When parsing JSON generated with `replacer` functions, you would likely want to use the [`reviver`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/JSON/parse#using_the_reviver_parameter) parameter to perform the reverse operation.

Typically, array elements' index would never shift (even when the element is an invalid value like a function, it will become `null` instead of omitted). Using the `replacer` function allows you to control the order of the array elements by returning a different array.

### The space argument

The `space` argument may be used to control spacing in the final string.

- If it is a number, successive levels in the stringification will each be indented by this many space characters.
- If it is a string, successive levels will be indented by this string.

> Each level of indentation will never be longer than 10. Number values of `space` are capped at 10, and string values are truncated to 10 characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each level of indentation will never be longer than 10. Number values of `space` are clamped to 10, and string values are truncated to 10 characters.
```

JSON.stringify(circularReference);
```

To serialize circular references, you can use a library that supports them (e.g. [cycle.js](https://github.com/douglascrockford/JSON-js/blob/master/cycle.js) by Douglas Crockford) or implement a solution yourself, which will require finding and replacing (or removing) the cyclic references by serializable values.

> If you are using `JSON.stringify()` to deep-copy an object, you may want to use [`structuredClone()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/structuredClone) instead, which supports circular references. JavaScript engine APIs for binary serialization, such as [`v8.serialize()`](https://nodejs.org/api/v8.html#v8serializevalue), also support circular references.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using `JSON.stringify()` to deep-copy an object, you may instead want to use [`structuredClone()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/structuredClone), which supports circular references. JavaScript engine APIs for binary serialization, such as [`v8.serialize()`](https://nodejs.org/api/v8.html#v8serializevalue), also support circular references.
```

### Using JSON.stringify() with localStorage

> In a case where you want to store an object created by your user and allowing it to be restored even after the browser has been closed, the following example is a model for the applicability of `JSON.stringify()`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a case where you want to store an object created by your user and allow it to be restored even after the browser has been closed, the following example is a model for the applicability of `JSON.stringify()`:
```
